Allow changing per_connection_buffer_limit_bytes using contour configuration for clusters (#5493)
projectcontour/contour: site/content/docs/main/configuration.md

The cluster configuration block can be used to configure various parameters for Envoy clusters.

| Field Name                        | Type   | Default | Description                                                                                                                                                                     |
|-----------------------------------|--------|---------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| dns-lookup-family                 | string | auto    | This field specifies the dns-lookup-family to use for upstream requests to externalName type Kubernetes services from an HTTPProxy route. Values are: `auto`, `v4`, `v6`, `all` |
| max-requests-per-connection       | int    | none*   | This field specifies the maximum requests for upstream connections. If not specified, there is no limit                                                                         |

> | per-connection-buffer-limit-bytes | int    | none*   | This field specifies the soft limit on size of the listener’s new connection read and write buffer. If not specified, Envoy defaults of 1MiB apply                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| per-connection-buffer-limit-bytes | int    | none*   | This field specifies the soft limit on size of the cluster's new connection read and write buffer. If not specified, Envoy defaults of 1MiB apply                              |
```

> | per-connection-buffer-limit-bytes | int    | none*   | This field specifies the soft limit on size of the cluster’s new connection read and write buffer. If not specified, Envoy defaults of 1MiB apply                               |

Reviewer: I think the idea with the `*` next to defaults was to indicate defaults that _Envoy_ applied, rather than Contour -- so in this case, `per-connection-buffer-limit-bytes` should list a default of `1MiB` with a `*`, and then `max-requests-per-connection` does not need a `*` since there's no default.

If we're going to use that, please copy the footnote from `Timeout Configuration` to this section as well. It also looks like the leading `*` in that footnote was dropped at some point - please add it back so it's clear what that note refers to.

    #   configure the cluster dns lookup family
    #   valid options are: auto (default), v4, v6, all
    #   dns-lookup-family: auto
    #   the maximum requests for upstream connections.
    #   If not specified, there is no limit.
    #   Setting this parameter to 1 will effectively disable keep alive
    #   max-requests-per-connection: 0

>     #   the soft limit on size of the listener’s new connection read and write buffers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    #   the soft limit on size of the cluster's new connection read and write buffers
```
